I'm familiar with version control from my work with office documents (from a program called DeskSite). The basic idea of tracking changes is useful not just in the coding world. Although it is a bit weird to type this in a text file instead of a box in the Udacity end of section window. Hmm, I might as well put this in my blog. 

How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

You see the error right away instead of hunting for the error through hundreds or thousands of lines.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

I can be quicker in trying out new code instead of leaving a 'old code' trail so I can get back to if the new code didn't work.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

No user error (I forgot to commit). But automatically saving makes it hard to determine what changes were made, especially since you are not providing an explanation of each save. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git is for coding, Google Docs is not.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Git log shows all commit changes (scroll down using down arrow) and git diff can show the exact changes between two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

I know if I break it and can't figure out how I broke it, I can use a git diff to compare the changes or just restore to the previous version (if the changes I made were not that important).

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

The Asteroid app just to make sure Git is working properly. But after that, I want to use Git for the Pitch Perfect app I just finished. I want to implement landscape mode for the app but needed version control so I can recover if I break something. 
